What!
This bitch's strength is a hundred times higher than that of the concubine
shameless
How can I protect the captivity of my dead life sword intent?
You also know the Dinglu
Brother Yang
What is Dinglu
Take me as a slave
To take your body
Achieve his cultivation base
Brother Yang
I will reward you for sitting on the dragon
It's your big creation
Why should you refuse
Murder pardon
What a great creation
Why don't you want to
What is there to be afraid of death?
Then you die.
I'll go with you.
It would have been better
Xiaoqian
I can protect you
What do you take to protect her?
Xiaoqian
I promised my father-in-law
I want to protect you all my life
now
I'm going to swear
I am proud
You have to live well
No Mr. Yang
Don't senior strength attack greed
Juniors are not talented
There is also a sword
Death is far from life
This broken everything
Already so confused
Did you know
This sword is used
You must die, what's the fear?
Hero's hard work